Add pre-req info about datatypes (#2277)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/ingest-data/import-csv.md

If you have data stored in an external `.csv` file, you can import it into
Timescale.

<Highlight type="note">
You can use the Timescale
[parallel copy](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-parallel-copy)
tool to speed up data copying. The tool parallelizes migration by using several
workers to run multiple `COPY` operations concurrently. It also offers options
to improve the copying experience. If you prefer not to use
`timescaledb-parallel-copy`, you can also use regular PostgreSQL `COPY`. This
section provides instructions for both methods.
</Highlight>

## Prerequisites

Before you start, make sure you have:

*   Signed up for your [free Timescale account][install].
*   Checked that your source data uses a schema that matches the database you
    want to import it into.

> *   Ensure the `time` column in your source data uses the `TIMESTAMPTZ` data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Ensured that the `time` column in the source data uses the `TIMESTAMPTZ` data type.
```
